And I did not know that I was going to ask you to fix through that, that's you.
You're not, I wanted to do it.
I've been pushed upon the people of this nation that we all are so well,
that there was something to take into your body.
Let me just, if I have any ideas, they're not crystallized in my mind.
But wouldn't it be a fine thing?
To begin, the incultations into the minds of the new positionation,
to respect the behaviors and the threats of this form of government
stay around the hearts of those on them, when the mind is young and fable and questionable.
And they get ideas and impressions that they would pay for up to their lives.
That would be a fine place to start, isn't it?
You've done that well, isn't it?
To the toughest of the stories.
To letting the spread of the communism in this nation,
and this possible eradicating it to the end of our form of government might live all the know.
And then go from where, and again, go from where to the schools, to schools.
Where to use the things?
And to get the right kind of situation, and the right kind of birth,
and the things that will hit me especially.
You feel it means perhaps that in a sad, limited, neglected, disused and especially,
the schools, the reuse of the nations, the issues of great position,
our dismayation of this form of government,
people in need with that too, and the trustee should be done about that.
So with me, that would be a good step in directing some of our talking about the deadrights and events.
There's only one group here who are pushing out of justice.
I would say that as a whole, they do have a really good job,
but one, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred,
one hundred, one hundred, one hundred and one hundred and one hundred and one hundred.
And stay it on from the schools, the first radius is the few shadows,
on the leaves, on the leaves, upper flight is.
The college is a university is a nation, and the state is the ideal age.
I'm in city organization.
The road is the option of the Kowana, and in the churches, and all through all the levels of life.
And picking chin to victory through responsibility of each individual Americanism
to be active and to be articulate about.
Those are very mentioned.
I think that it's not high-flowing time, and in the morning I'll talk to you generally.
I thought it would be a good thing to make it.
In the morning, you get sounds that simply get on our direct examination.
Sure, there's not a reason to go well.
Special Council and what I've thrown out for the next four weeks.
Saturday day, June 9, 1954.
Mr. Ray H. Jenkins, the square at Special Council,
from the Southern Canadian investigation set out to the Berlin Washington, D.G. to Mr. Zink.
In the past several days, the tension has been called on more than one occasion
to the fact that Mr. Ray H. Kowana's scheduled for a three-year-old evacuation military duty
was a unit of the New York National Guard.
In this connection, the gestions have been made that the absence of Mr. Kowana
for this purpose to make a difficult, it's not impossible, to continue with the earth.
It is suggested that you or the chairman of the Southern community request the Agents and General of the State of New York
to postpone Mr. Kowana's call to duty and collapse to the hearing-jacking forces.
I do not believe that this would be an unreasonable request, and I feel certain that it would be up.
As the President, you might cite the cooperation given to you by the Army
when you requested to try the time, dear time, the year's Subcommittee for the duration of the hearing.
The only year is Joseph N. Wilk's special conference.
I will say that I have passed that request, Mr. Wilk, which is a very thoughtful one,
to the members of the Subcommittee, and we have unanimously concurred in it.
And I'm asking Mr. Jenkins now to proceed and confirm that he was that request.
I wonder if I could add for an investigation of the testimony passed in just preferential conditions.
Not a point of particular time.
I would like to make the second announcement from the phone.
If you are to consider yourself still as a witness to be going to available tomorrow
and other Subcommittee members and Council have questions to ask.
The third in substance is for the members of the committee.
I can tell you that all of the executive testimony, which has been heard,
which includes testimony of the 11 witnesses, has now been transcribed and is now available.
So all of Subcommittee members, Mr. Wilk and Mr. Kowana,
and I'm attacking the Associate and the Mr. Kennedy's minority conference in the Office of Mr. Jenkins.
So hopefully the chair that the members will review that executive testimony,
because you will be followed and now familiar that I would like to have all members of the Subcommittee
and Council for all sides of the country, which is the midst in writing and misdegencies by the Moranook.
The list of any potential witnesses that they would like to have appeared.
Finally, the chair will say that as the conclusion of tomorrow afternoon here,
if he hopes to conclude a little bit so, there will be an executive committee meeting
of our committee at noon 357, so the purpose then of times of the coming,
how many more witnesses we must hear and how much longer these hearings are likely to run.
We shall in recess until the time of time.
You have dealt with Chairman Monternau, the next session of the hearing will be at 10 a.m. tomorrow.